NY/FL/TX
GUI.
Map (Mapbox).
Map of state and districts.
Map must be pannable and zoomable.
Select a state to display.
Users can select a state from a dropdown menu, which will display the selected state centered on the screen.
Select a district to display.
User can click the district to highlight and display 
Racial breakdown
Population
Red vs Blue numbers
Objective score (based on objective function)
Score (relative to other districts objective scores)
Index District (relative to other districts)
Counties will be highlighted in different colors
Precincts belonging to each county will have their color
User should be able to display more data analysis upon hovering over certain precincts
Which precinct it is


Have a side window to display the information about district/county/precinct.
Using sliders set the numerical parameters on the objective function.
Selectors to choose categorical data for objective function (ex. incumbent to preserve).


Delete a previously generated jobs
Display old jobs
Cancel a specific job
Users can sort filtered set of districtings by specific measures of the objective function, or the entire objective function




Backend.
Query job from Seawulf DB.
Job consists of generating random districting 
Query Resource DB.
Query Project DB.
Send finished jobs from Seawulf to project DB
Possibly need to format finished jobs into readable JSON 
Fulfill get requests from front-end for random districtings
Provide analytical data of random districtings
Average cases
Extreme cases
Deviation of current districting from average


Seawulf.
Does the hard math
Need communication method between Backend and Seawulf
Progress of generations
Fetching data for generation from DB.
Form a precinct graph.


Preprocessing (Python).
Mapping data to shapefile & geoJSON.
Data cleaning.
Get rid of empty / faulty data records.
Data normalization
Convert all types of data to precinct level.
Party affiliation, population size, racial breakdown.
Election data (preferred).
Storing of preprocessed data (through server or datafile).

Algorithm.
Generate random (seed) districtings
Prunes edges of sub-graphs to improve random districtings
Objective function.
[Population equality, Compactness, Racial Fairness, Political Fairness, Split counties, Minimal change, Incumbent protection, Communities of Interest]

